add unbind (#2674)
google/flax: docs/guides/transfer_learning.md

Calling `load_model` from the snippet above returns the `FlaxCLIPModule`, which is composed of `text_model` and `vision_model` submodules.

An easy way to extract the `vision_model` submodule defined inside `.setup()` and its variables is to use [`bind`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.linen.html#flax.linen.Module.bind) on the `clip` Module immediatly followed by [`unbind`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.linen.html#flax.linen.Module.unbind) on the `vision_model` submodule.

```{code-cell} ipython3
import flax.linen as nn

clip, clip_variables = load_model()
vision_model, vision_model_vars = clip.bind(clip_variables).vision_model.unbind()
```

> Note that `.clone()` must be used to get an unbounded copy of `vision_model` to avoid leakage as bounded modules contain their variables.

Author: removed

Calling `load_model` from the snippet above returns the `FlaxCLIPModule`, which is composed of `text_model` and `vision_model` submodules.

> An easy way to extract the `vision_model` submodule defined inside `.setup()` and its variables is to use [`bind`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.linen.html#flax.linen.Module.bind) on the `clip` Module immediatly followed by [`unbind`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.linen.html#flax.linen.Module.unbind) on the `vision_model` submodule.

Reviewer: - Using a full method name (`flax.linen.Module.bind`) can help some (new) users identify what is what.
- A minor typo fix.
- "sub-Module".

```suggestion
An easy way to extract the `vision_model` sub-Module defined inside `.setup()` and its variables is to use [`flax.linen.Module.bind`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.linen.html#flax.linen.Module.bind) on the `clip` Module immediately followed by [`flax.linen.Module.unbind`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.linen.html#flax.linen.Module.unbind) on the `vision_model` sub-Module.
```

> 

Author: Done.
